Sprint 1 application design & implementation (#23)
SW814F20/Report: report/Sprint_1/Application.tex

\section{Application}
In this section we will document the work done on the application during the first sprint.
The focus here was to implement functionality that gave a lot of value, and was easy to implement.

The following features were implemented:
\begin{itemize}
    \item Login screen
    \item Application selection screen
    \item Create application screen
    \item Create user screen
    \item Task dashboard screen
    \item Create task screen
\end{itemize}

Some of the functionality in this version of the application is mocked, because they are yet to be implemented on the backend.
This is however limited to task functionality, where the rest is actual data transmitted from the API.

\subsection{Design}
\label{sprint_1_design}
The screens were designed to give an idea of how the application should look.

> The designs relevant to the features developed in this sprint can be seen on the following figures~\autoref{login_screen_design},~\autoref{app_selection_screen},~\autoref{create_task_screen} and~\autoref{task_dashboard_screen}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The designs relevant to the features developed in this sprint can be seen on the following figures,~\autoref{login_screen_design},~\autoref{app_selection_screen},~\autoref{create_task_screen} and~\autoref{task_dashboard_screen}.
```

The screens were designed to have a generic look and feel familiar to users.

> The screens also follow the design standards set by Google in 'Design for Android' \cite{AndroidDesign}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The screens also follow the design standards set by Google in 'Design for Android' \cite{AndroidDesign}.
```

The design process was done with all group members present and drawing on a whiteboard.

The tasks screen, which can be seen on~\autoref{task_dashboard_screen}, was designed to look like a kanban board.
A kanban board is an agile project management tool, designed to visualize work.

> Kanban boards are often constructed of 3 columns each with their own status. In our case the status' are 'Not started', 'Work in progress' and 'Done' ordered from left to right.

Reviewer: Når tallet er under 9 eller 10, så skrives det med bogstaver :) 
```suggestion
Kanban boards are often constructed of three columns each with their own status. In our case the status' are 'Not started', 'Work in progress' and 'Done' ordered from left to right.
```

> \section{Application}

Reviewer: Kunne godt tænke mig en introduktion til afsnittet, bare så det er ensformet for alle afsnit

Author: Der er nu skrevet en kort introduktion

> During the first sprint, we started development on the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During this sprint, we started development on the application.
```

The following features were implemented:
\begin{itemize}
    \item Login screen
    \item Application selection screen
    \item Create application screen
    \item Create user screen
    \item Task dashboard screen
    \item Create task screen
\end{itemize}

> In this sprint, some of the functionality was mocked, because they were yet to be developed on the backend.

Reviewer: Synes ikke der er grund til at skrive in this sprint igen, da hele afsnittet omhandler det sprint.
```suggestion
It should be noted that, some of the functionality was mocked, because they were yet to be developed on the backend.
```

Author: Jeg har omformuleret det lidt

This was however limited to task functionality, where the rest was actual data transmitted from the API.

\subsection{Design}
\label{sprint_1_design}

> In the start of this sprint, some views were designed to give an idea of how the application should look.

Reviewer: Er ikke fan af at du skriver in the start of this sprint, så tit.
Derudover så kunne du godt gå mere i detaljer om hvordan vores process var i at lave mock-ups til prototype og nu til application, hvilket også kan blive set som en advance prototype :D

> The designs relevant to the features developed in this sprint.

Reviewer: Synes ikke denne sætninger giver mening.

Author: Jeg har udvidet sætningen og rettet den til

> The screens were designed to have a generic look, and feel familiar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The screens were designed to have a generic look and feel familiar.
```

> The tasks screen, which can be seen on ~\autoref{task_dashboard_screen}, was designed to look like a kanban board \cite{kanbanBoard}.

Reviewer: Virker som om der er et ekstra mellemrum 
```suggestion
The tasks screen, which can be seen on~\autoref{task_dashboard_screen}, was designed to look like a kanban board \cite{kanbanBoard}.
```
Derudover kunne du godt forklare hvad et kanban board er, i lidt mere dybde, end det du gør, men du kan også vælge og lade være.

This was done because Kanban boards are a common way to organise tasks.

\begin{figure}[H]
    \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{Sprint_1/images/login_screen.png}
    \caption{Login screen design.}
    \label{login_screen_design}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[H]
    \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{Sprint_1/images/app_selection_screen.png}
    \caption{Application selection screen design.}
    \label{app_selection_screen}

\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[H]
    \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{Sprint_1/images/create_task_screen.png}
    \caption{Create task screen design.}
    \label{create_task_screen}

\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[H]
    \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{Sprint_1/images/task_dashboard_screen.png}
    \caption{Task dashboard screen design.}
    \label{task_dashboard_screen}

> \end{figure}

Reviewer: Synes billederne er lidt for store. Enten gør det alle sammen lidt mindre, eller kun tag nogle af dem, og smid resten i appendix.
Derudover så kunne du godt forklare billederne lidt mere, i forhold til hvad vi har tænkt med det.

Author: Jeg har gjort dem mindre ved at sætte dem sammen 2 og 2

However it is not all code that is used, but this makes it easy to implement new functionality without the need for implementing more API specific code. 

\begin{figure}[H]
    \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{Sprint_1/images/login_screen_app.png}
    \caption{Login screen implementation.}
    \label{login_screen_design_app}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[H]
    \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{Sprint_1/images/app_selection_screen_app.png}
    \caption{Application selection screen implementation.}
    \label{app_selection_screen_app}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[H]
    \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{Sprint_1/images/create_app_screen_app.png}
    \caption{Application creation screen implementation.}
    \label{app_creation_screen_app}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[H]
    \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{Sprint_1/images/create_task_screen_app.png}
    \caption{Create task screen implementation.}
    \label{create_task_screen_app}

\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[H]
    \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{Sprint_1/images/task_dashboard_screen_app.png}
    \caption{Task dashboard screen implementation.}
    \label{task_dashboard_screen_app}

> \end{figure}

Reviewer: Igen, synes billederne er for store, og man kunne smide nogle af dem i appendix. Her behøver du ikke og forklare hvad det ligner, da vi har gjort det før.
